Make datetime input more flexible for az_hourly() (#62)
uace-azmet/azmetr: NEWS.md

# azmetr (development version)

- `az_hourly()` now accepts dates for `start_date_time` and `end_date_time`

> - Data retrieval functions now print messages clarifying what data is being queried when defaults are used or when functions round inputs up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data retrieval functions now print messages clarifying what data is being queried when defaults are used or when functions round `start_date_time` or `end_date_time` arguments.
```
